feat(ai-gateway): Add getting started with MCP guide (#5731)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_how-tos/ai-gateway/get-started-with-mcp-server.md

    deny:
      - __never_match__
  config:
    url: https://api.weatherapi.com/v1/current.json
    route:
      paths:
        - /weather
    logging:
      payloads: false
      statistics: true
    server:
      timeout: 60000
  tools:
    - name: get-current-weather
      description: Get current weather for a location
      method: GET
      path: /weather
      query:
        key:
          - $DECK_WEATHERAPI_API_KEY
      parameters:
        - name: q
          in: query
          required: true
          schema:
            type: string
          description: Location query. Accepts US Zipcode, UK Postcode, Canada Postalcode, IP address, latitude/longitude, or city name.
{% endkonnect_api_request %}
<!-- vale on -->

In this example, we're setting up the MCP Server with:

* `type: conversion-listener`: Exposes a RESTful API as MCP tools. The runtime converts the WeatherAPI into MCP-compatible tools that MCP clients can call directly.
* `name: weather-mcp`: A unique identifier for this MCP Server.
* `config.url`: The upstream API endpoint that this MCP Server proxies to.
* `config.route.paths: [/weather]`: The path where MCP clients access this server over HTTP.

> * `tools`: Defines the MCP tools available. Each tool maps to an upstream API operation. Here, `get-current-weather` is exposed from the WeatherAPI `/v1/current.json` endpoint. The `query.key` field injects your WeatherAPI credentials automatically—this is how {{site.ai_gateway}} exposes the REST API and converts it into an MCP tool that clients can call without needing to manage the API key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `tools`: Defines the MCP tools available. Each tool maps to an upstream API operation. Here, the WeatherAPI `/v1/current.json` endpoint `exposes get-current-weather`. The `query.key` field injects your WeatherAPI credentials automatically—this is how {{site.ai_gateway}}:
  
  1. Exposes the REST API
  2. Converts it into an MCP tool that clients can call without needing to manage the API key.
```
